c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\bin\Debug\NIST_OOP.exe.config
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\bin\Debug\NIST_OOP.exe
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\bin\Debug\NIST_OOP.pdb
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.g.resources
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.exe
c:\users\andriymahera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.pdb
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\bin\Debug\NIST_OOP.exe.config
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.exe
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.pdb
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.g.resources
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\obj\Debug\NIST_OOP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\bin\Debug\NIST_OOP.exe
C:\Users\AndriyMahera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\GitHub\NIST_OOP\NIST_OOP\bin\Debug\NIST_OOP.pdb
